this is a 1969 Mercury Marauder
x100 429 cubic inch engine 360
horsepower it is a brute and it is as an
all-black car kind of looks like it
should be in a movie it is really cool
the engine compartment here is perfectly
detailed as you can see this car has air
conditioning and of course all the power
accessories
just look at this car this is really
it's sinister-looking
great wheels there's the x100 badge
checking out the interiors for a
luxurious tufted upholstery very nice
what you would expect in an upscale car
bucket seats
and woodgrain accents and also on the
steering wheel there are some auxiliary
gauges there around the steering column
that's automatic
that has fender skirts too
and some nice fin striping there
contrast very nice
one of the neatest features of this car
are the tail lamps which we'll see in a
minute
they remind me of the Chevy tail lamps
of this period
this is a big car
and in the powerful car
I think one of the nicest mercury's ever
built
they can see the air-conditioning vents
under the glove compartment
and the big hood
wheels are great too everything is
really really nice of course I was
concealed headlamps too